We are providing certified ways and means for people to be fitter in terms of both mental health and physical health. We believe that "Prevention is better than cure". Instead of just letting things run the way it is, we have made an Application with features like sleep tracker, food planners and goal setter. This app also aims to improve the user’s mental health by surveys, suggestions, improving social interaction, and guide you to bots that keep checking up on you. The Application also gives you an idea about the correct way of eating Indian food with building immunity and increasing metabolism rate without strict dieting. It provides exciting facts about every essential fitness tips that will develop your mind to eat less unhealthy food. Created an exercise tracker which will remove the need to have the instructor for the exercise as in lockdown it becomes difficult to go to the gym. We designed it using an openpose library that will check all poses in Real-Time by monitoring our postures and tracking their progress. In future, we will add more functionality like if an incorrect posture or deviation from the actual posture is observed, the user will receive a text or audio reminder(alarm). The text messages will be accompanied by images of correct posture and users’ incorrect posture. NodeMCU can be integrated with App to take regular checkups of Spo2, pulse, ECG, temperature, and gives output based on the triage system. A food suggestion engine is included which will provide a number of food items that can be eaten in a definite amount which will help the user achieve their goals of target calories and target nutrients. This engine can also provide the ingredients which are used in the preparation of the suggested food item. The source of the data for nutrient values, calories and ingredients is bite.ai food API
